Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are finally going to display the price of the products.
Now, what we can do is we can wrap this test with that with a column in order to accept another widget
which is going to be displayed vertically.
Column.
Okay.
And now we can have another test widget.
And this is going to be called provider.
Cut provider, dot get items.
And we want to assess each item by the index and we just want to assess the price.
And this is a double.
So what we have to say is to.
The string us fixed and we can just say we need to fraction digits how to train Comair and use controller
and has to save and go check this out.
You're going to see it all right now.
And what we can also do is within the column, we can then say cross assist, element, cross assist.
Cross us this element that.
The start.
You're going to say it over here now.
Okay.
And what we can also do.
We can make this to excess.
We just have equal space to do this.
We can then say main axis element.
And this is going to be main axis alignment dot space heavily to distribute equal space between both
widgets.
She said right now with equal spaces.
And we could also see this and this is going to be test style.
We can give you a call or maybe call us design or whatsoever color you prefer.
And this controller and has to save.
Okay.
And you should see that.
Or maybe we could also say maybe later space and maybe one night and we'll see how it's going to look
like.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you.
And in this lecture.